hi guys it's Barry here welcome to my
virgin kitchen today I've got a little
Chloe and we're going to make some
baguette pizzas are you ready and that's
a yes I'm literally gonna hold the
camera gonna hold the camera and let her
do all the preparation and stuff nice
fun easy activity perfect lunch right
she's just taking it all in I think
she's quite excited let's do it
thumbs up chef one how you do comes up
you don't do it okay that's a wrap
okay that's great thank you so this is a
sesame seed baguette I've just cut up
and half there we've got what's this
Chloe what's that sick it's not sick as
tomato sauce mate how about that what's
this sick
no that's peppers we've halved up this
is some cheese yes you know what cheese
is all out of this this is a special
type of cheese what is that now I'm not
going to put on peppers that's parmesan
we got some Oregon Oh can you say Oregon
oh yeah and this is some chicken so this
is precooked chicken breast bone
supermarket that was cut into chunks she
just wants to eat that but yeah so we're
gonna get on and make this straightaway
right Chlo are you ready are you ready
oh thanks thumbs up Britt
wait now you're running on the job mate
right I'm coming around now first thing
we're gonna do get them writing with it
first thing we're going to do is get our
tomato sauce on the baguette okay you're
going to spoon this and put it on the
pizza put it on the bread you ready
there you go yes
so get your sauce on there I'll close up
right now smear all around mate spread
it all around yeah good girl yes so
she's doing it herself now she knows
what she's doing
yeah it feels Nene doing it look at this
she is in the zone now is that fun
are you gonna smile yeah good times so
she's getting that all over there I
won't share everyone divided two more
and then she gets popping yeah you white
folks because I don't want to get too
messy I've put the pizza breads on a new
board and give it a little cleanup
because the rest is pretty darn clean
steps so she's just grabbing what's this
yeah she's just grabbing the chicken and
plonking up on the bread like so I think
there's no real strategy to where she's
doing it randomly might call her don't
you dare no but if I hear she was gonna
whack her in her mouth then what are you
doing you don't know dude no okay cool
yes mate she is well in the zone now
decorating that pizza you are gonna work
for Domino's Pizza one day aren't you
huh put in you heart daddy oh thank you
what you doing like got some sort of
tomato nail varnish on wait nice try
mate put it back on a pizza
put it back on Pizza she can eat it's
all cooked already in that but a bit
cold
yeah just gonna yeah she will eat
anything could I put anchovies on this
and she would've eaten it all right
Chloe next up you know we're gonna put
our next put pepper on what she's doing
now is like eating the chicken off the
pizzas right mate
this is pepper can you put some on there
put that on a pizza no okay she's not
quite grasping the idea of me good
pizzas he just wants to lick the sauce
off and once the sauce is off she just
wants to eat the chicken come on mate
I've just tried to show you that put the
pepper on the pizza now is that nice
she's not getting this you we have to
make the food before we eat it you
understand understand
all right so we skip in the pepper step
but if this works yes may go put the
cheese on don't eat the cheese put put
the cheese sprinkle the cheese on that's
it my friend do it yes
are you cooking are you loving it are
you happy yeah look at that sauce baby
oh my god Wow
good go keep putting that cheese on no
no be in stop eating no right I'm gonna
do it daddy's gonna put cheese on ready
yeah here we go help daddy that's it
good girl right come on cheese on there
last one last bit there come on not in
the mouth not in the mouth no no no here
here Chloe right there there's a gap
there and I get there no right okay this
one is gonna be the most curvy and that
one me oh my gosh okay no no that's a
lot of our going on there right so we're
gonna have two nice ones over here which
I'll sprinkle no you are going to eat
that I hope you realize young lady oh my
god all right so last but not least is
Parmesan what we do here grab and
sprinkle again come on
yes you do it of course this is what No
oh okay all right
you yeah really happy now yes the
pennies dropped we've done so want us in
the oven to the temperatures down below
for about 10 minutes to melt that cheese
through and taste all good
Chloe is making a pizza on a chopping
board so anyway I have some runaround
time and we'll see what they turn out
but what better thing to do while asked
in the oven and a hangout in the Minnie
Mouse car
where you going Chloe where you going
Hey all right I don't know what that
meant but cool enjoy it right Hannah
folks our husband yeah look at me it's
been 10 minutes nice and golden brown on
top our mine is all that herbs all over
it look at the state of that Oh Chloe's
getting straight into hers me liking it
hey I I think this is it I like it gonna
say let's try this herb tastic oh my
goodness that is really good guys if you
want a nice simple quick pizza in a
hurry we often make this together well
though as you can see Chloe doesn't
always do the steps but she's pretty
good at the inn bit give it a go put
your own spin on it
anything you want to do you know say bye
say bye bye been doing this for you
don't forget to get a thumbs up share
subscribe check out the other cooking
with kids playlists I've done ages but
loads with Phoebe and I see you again
next time
oh where you bit me okay
bye do you like that it so who made
those in your absence
really do you think she did a good job
amazing it tastes good you've got quite
a lot of herb on the side despite that
is it alright yeah can I have a high
five alright Cheers Chloe have you got
anything else to say
poo you need a poo yeah